What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
Git creates a new repository. I need to add files to the staging area before a commit.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
The working directory is the location with the files I am working on.  The staging area is the temporary holding area for files and changes that I will commit to the repository. It allows me to schedule partial changes before making a full commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
I will choose which file and change I want to commit one at a time, and add a descriptive message.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
When I want to try out different versions of the same code - like for an experiment, or a different mode, or a different language.
It will also help when you are working on developing code, but not yet production quality work. Good for collaborating publicly or yourself.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
I can see the order of the commits across different branches, I can see what commits each branch has in common, I can see which commits do not have a branch, and I can see all of the branches.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
When we merge two branches, we get one file that includes the changes from both files. Any lines of code that were added in the branch, will be added to the new file. Any lines of code that were removed, will be removed. We represent it in the diagram so we can see all the commits that will be included in the new merged branch.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
Pros of automatic merging is that it is quick and easy.  The cons are that if there are conflicting commits, you may lose the correct code, or commit the wrong code, or have extra lines of code that are conflicting. The pros of merging manually is that you can review any conflicts before committing.  The cons of merging manually is that it takes a lot of time and energy.